Adds Multimodal search page (#7706)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/search/vector/vector-search-use-cases.md

Search images, audio, video, or text when your content uses more than one type. For example, search with text to find images, or search with an image to find similar images.

The recommended path uses the [`semantic`](elasticsearch://reference/elasticsearch/mapping-reference/semantic-field.md) field type with [Jina multimodal models](/explore-analyze/machine-learning/nlp/ml-nlp-jina.md#jina-multimodal-embeddings). For concepts and deployment options, refer to [Multimodal search](../multimodal-search.md). For a full walkthrough, refer to [Build multimodal search with a semantic field](../multimodal-search/multimodal-search-tutorial.md).

::::::{stepper}
:::::{step} Choose and deploy a multimodal model

> Use a model that supports your media types (text, images, audio, or video). Deploy or access it through EIS, external {{infer}}, or on-prem, then point a `semantic` field at an `embedding` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a model that supports your media types (text, images, audio, or video). Deploy or access it through EIS, external {{infer}}, or on-prem, then point a `semantic` field at an `embedding` endpoint that uses your model.
```

- [Multimodal embedding models](../multimodal-search.md#multimodal-embedding-models)

:::::

:::::{step} Create a semantic field mapping and index content

> Map a `semantic` field with `inference_id` set to your multimodal endpoint. Index images and other media into that field so Elasticsearch generates embeddings automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Map a `semantic` field with `inference_id` set to your multimodal endpoint. Index images and other media into that field. Elasticsearch generates and indexes embeddings for your content automatically.
```
